November 18 Cloud release notes / doc changes (#165)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/release-notes.md

## Overview

Astronomer is committed to continuous development of Astronomer Cloud. As you grow with us, expect to see bug fixes and improved functionality on a regular basis. To keep your team updated, this document will provide a weekly summary of all changes made and released to Astronomer Cloud.

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

**Latest Runtime Version**: 4.0.3 ([Release notes](runtime-release-notes))

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.0.2 ([Release notes](cli-release-notes))

## November 19, 2021

### Secret Environment Variables

You can now set secret environment variables via the Astronomer Cloud UI. The values of secret environment variables are hidden from all users in your Workspace, making them ideal for storing sensitive information related to your Astronomer projects. For more information, read [Set Environment Variables via the Astronomer UI](environment-variables#set-environment-variables-via-the-astronomer-ui).

### Minor Improvements

> - You can now create new Clusters in `sa-east-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now create new Clusters in AWS `sa-east-1`.
```

> - Extra whitespace is now automatically removed from environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extra whitespace at the end of any environment variable set in the Astronomer UI is now automatically removed to ensure the variable is passed correctly.
```
